In the course materials for this chapter you will find the shopping cart for them sort of going up and
these into response to your code up in the index and right click to open these with live settlement.
Open again and this is going to be the same you that we really work in the previous videos.
You make one and the only difference is that in the shopping cart it doesn't have anything of this chapter
is that everytime you click on the card is going to be at the items right here.
But also something really important is that we're going to save the courses into the local storage.
This is going to be the best example of domus scripting.
Also look at the storage than the previous one but we're going to continue practicing everything that
we learn in the fundamentals.
So again we're going to create the sections here we're going to create the variables in the top then
we're going to create some listeners.
And finally we're going to create the fortunes.
So in this case we're going to need three different variables.
We're going to need one for the shopping cart.
We're going to need another one with this list of courses and so other one to please this God.
So I started with the section for example if we opened the index if you scroll a little you can see
the other we have these courses list.
This is they grapple with all the courses.
So we're going to create a variable right here because we're going to call these 1 courses.
It's going to be called to document de-select selector and we're going to pass Zaidee is going to be
courses least then we're going to create different listeners.
So we're going to call this one and love them and listeners of course remember you can name these wherever
you want.
Then we need to create this function so loaded with listeners.
And here we're going to have our live listeners for this break.
So first we're going to win a new course is it is going to be like courses Dopp.
Well listen here's what I use allegation against Gleick and it's going to run a Fortune called by Gore's
when need to create dysfunction.
So we're going to have these functions on the bottom and in order to use the Legation to remember that
you have to pass day event.
So what's going on here is cancel that luck and where they're going to have of course added something
like Yeah just to make sure that everything is working before we continue the content.
So we're going up and so scroll click here and you can see of course that it saw the variables and working
just fine in the Fanchon's.
So I'm going to remove these get are going to either Komen Race you know let's use the Legation use
delegation to find the Course that was added into the shopping cart.
So once again to use the if the target and remember that you're going to send these riders to the console
each dot dot and yet you just need to come in line in order to see it is working.
And click here and you can see that this is going to print the element that was Cliq.
So we're going to start it and you can see that we have the class of the car right here.
So we're going to use either to get that class list that contains what are going to use to go to so
we're going to have a console that loff added something like this something simple to test that everything
is working.
So save these and click on that two cars and you can see we have added We want to remove these for example
and you can see here and you can have Remember that are default because this is going to be the standard
behavior in the browser when you have a link and you click it will try to open the link and you can
see if we that prevent default we prevent that jump that we saw in just a little.
So we're going to make something else before we finish this video.
Want to go out and read the Course by news so you can see that we have contents at the.
And this is going to bring in button that we have here.
So I went to read this body was sort of going to use that element and to read everything from the card
or when I use that log dot dot dot dot binding element by element.
So what I'm going to make that we're arresting like this here and then you can see we have the cart
so from here we can have access for example to these decks.
They are out for the price.
And if you take a look here we also have this data dash I-V.
So each of these courses Cassadee for an ID.
So using these We're going to have access to everything.
And so the match that's going to be important I'm going to cut these good these and we're going to create
any wearable coils gold and guns.
Coats equals to this value and then we're going to read the bodies.
So what are going to create an information that is going to we can get calls for.
And what are going up as these calls information.
So we need to copy these function.
And what are going to create a new command that says Rietz the information of the select that selected
course then we had this one function get calls and this is going to take of course as a parameter and
then we can have guns or that lock goes like this.
And just to make that test that everything is working I'm going to say these up in the console click
here and you can see we have this card.
Click here.
And then you can see we have that card.
This delegation is working in the next video sister working with this function to extract the estimate
from the course that was selected.